Implemented QE Review feedback for Getting started with the rhoas CLI for Red Hat OpenShift Streams for Apache Kafka (#426)
redhat-developer/app-services-guides: docs/kafka/rhoas-cli-getting-started-kafka/README.adoc

. Set the permissions for your service account to access the Kafka instance resources.
+
--

> This example allows applications to produce and consume messages from topics starting with a specified prefix that belong to any consumer group. The service account information you input here is the clientID from the previous step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example allows applications to produce and consume messages from topics starting with a specified prefix that belong to any consumer group. The service account information you enter here is the `clientID` from the previous step.
```

> This example allows applications to produce and consume messages from topics starting with a specified prefix that belong to any consumer group. The service account information you input here is the client ID credentials from the previous step.

Reviewer 2: credentials would be typically associated to username and password. Skipping that word will be better.
```suggestion
This example allows applications to produce and consume messages from topics starting with a specified prefix that belong to any consumer group. The service account information you input here is the clientID from the previous step.
```

Author: Thanks Wojciech!
